[SPEAKER_01]: I loved the audio-reactive design of Luminous and thought for years that Tetris would benefit from it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Tetris Effect fulfilled those dreams and more.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was nothing less than stunning for that and other reasons.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm happy with Tetris Effect alone, but now the design improvements that went into making Tetris Effect what it is get to come back to the originators in the form of Luminous Arise.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was never good at Luminous, but I was never good at Tetris either.
[SPEAKER_01]: I sure look forward to playing them anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_01]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, my friends, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're back.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: Not here tonight, unfortunately, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bummer, bummer that they weren't able to make tonight's show, but there is some sort of private pinball event happening.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not a public thing, but it's a private pinball event that she had to make an appearance at.
[SPEAKER_06]: So she is not here with us tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it is myself and Techmaster Loki holding down the fort.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hey, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_06]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_06]: Pretty good.
[SPEAKER_06]: How did you enjoy your week off?
[SPEAKER_06]: It was pretty good, just been working on Minecraft stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I was going to say, did you get some Minecraft streaming in?
[SPEAKER_06]: Sometimes when we're not here, he takes some streaming from the Channel 64 realm and all that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't remember.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I did because I was testing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had to switch over to Vanilla OBS instead of Streamlabs OBS because I should have switched off of them a long time ago when they were bad business practices and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, you know, it takes a while to just recreate all your scenes and everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure it's probably an easy way to import stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I had to switch off of Streamlabs because it was broken.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I did stream after that.
[SPEAKER_02]: a little bit of the datapack minigame thing that I've made that I've been actually still working on this week and I think last week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Never a dull moment in Loki content creation world.
[SPEAKER_06]: Never a dull moment.
[SPEAKER_02]: The only dull moment are my stats in YouTube.
[SPEAKER_02]: With all the no people watching.
[SPEAKER_02]: So not only are they not pushing the channel very hard, they're also actively restricting a few of my videos for no reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: so like you know like if you make like a community guidelines you know faux pas and they're like oh hey this is inappropriate or you know we're gonna suppress this or whatever the least normally show that in your video like it'll flag it or something like that but now the new thing or not even new things they did this a while back too they will just at random
[SPEAKER_02]: If Restricted View is on, they will suppress a video from that view.
[SPEAKER_02]: They won't tell you that they've done it.
[SPEAKER_02]: They won't tell you why they've done it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It just disappears.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so you have to dig deep within their help resources to find the form to say, hey, your stupid AI was being stupid.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's nothing inappropriate here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Please have a human look at this.
[SPEAKER_06]: and then they'll do that.
[SPEAKER_06]: and plenty more shows, great shows like British Invaders.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shout out to Brian, who I saw at DragonCon and Anime Jam Sessions.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shout out to the team over there, including Ranma, Ari and all the folks that work hard over there.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can check out all that at vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, now that I said that, where was I going with that?
[SPEAKER_06]: I was giving out the whole spiel in my mind.
[SPEAKER_06]: I forgot where I was driving with that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shoot.
[SPEAKER_02]: You've been hearing about stuff with YouTube, yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was saying in the chat, yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: And in the Discord server, I've been hearing about this AI stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's been a lot of posts about how AI is really messing with the YouTube content creators.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even down to it's enhancing video when people don't want it to.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's so dumb to me.
[SPEAKER_00]: That is annoying.
[SPEAKER_06]: Who decided that was a good idea?
[SPEAKER_06]: Who thinks that an artist wants someone else to control their art?
[SPEAKER_06]: That should be like 101 basic understanding of the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: Artists want control of their art.
[SPEAKER_02]: They do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: They also auto-dub things.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they'll actually take the sound out of your thing and re-dub it into another language.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so here's the bad part about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not like they're A.I.'
[SPEAKER_02]: 's.
[SPEAKER_02]: Subtitle generation that they use or their text-to-speech stuff, it doesn't work a lot of the times.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not accurate.
[SPEAKER_02]: In fact, I was going through some of those videos that were suppressed.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was like, well, maybe the text-to-speech misinterpreted something I said as something that's inappropriate or offensive.
[SPEAKER_02]: Naughty word!
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just screwed up a lot of other things, and so you have to go in there and fix all your subtitles.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's not a lot of people that watch my content with subtitles on, but I probably should go back and fix those.
[SPEAKER_02]: Once again, not getting views on anything, so really hard to motivate myself to do extra work for something that's not going to get views.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, basically, even just outside my content, there's been large creators that have noticed a downtick in their viewership, and it could be because some of the stuff that has to do with the AI
[SPEAKER_02]: Age Estimation, or determining if your platform is AI.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just dumb.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's so many dumb things that they do to refuse to try to pay somebody for their content.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so anyways, outside of any sort of paid promotions, the channel has been basically flat to negative for the last several years.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I'm sorry to hear it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I hope it comes through for you someday, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't take it as a sign of quality, because I'm sure there's a lot of creators out there who do good stuff that just have a hard time
[SPEAKER_06]: Punchin' Through, and it's just going to take that one.
[SPEAKER_06]: Going to our chat again, where I was going earlier, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's a random comment, but I want to bring it up because it's funny.
[SPEAKER_06]: QuestBuster says, is that Cowboys of Moo Mesa by Konami behind Loki?
[SPEAKER_06]: It sure is.
[SPEAKER_06]: And even I had it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, is that Sunset Riders?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, no, that's cows.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a great game.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a fun one.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's one they need to bring back.
[SPEAKER_06]: If they can bring back Battletoads after all these years, and if Konami's in this mood to reboot all of their old IPs, you know, if we're gonna get- Just, like, have a whole, like, beat-em-up, like, collection.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's do- Wait a minute.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tigerclaw says Cowboys of Mumei says getting a reboot- Oh, the animated series is based on- Oh, I forgot it was based on an animated series.
[SPEAKER_06]: I got excited for a minute.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, what?!
[SPEAKER_06]: !
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: And then they were on a different type of fire in the early 2000s.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dumpsters.
[SPEAKER_06]: I want to get to some comments about the AI thing, too.
[SPEAKER_06]: TigerClaw says, Some YouTube shorts that do the retro video style were getting AI enhanced and looking like crap.
[SPEAKER_06]: See, that's so...
[SPEAKER_06]: I get it because what little content I've posted to YouTube is usually around retro games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't have illusions of being a big content creator on there and making a penny.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, I'd be pissed if AI was wrecking the retro games because that's the point.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's retro.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there's so much retro content on YouTube as well that I just can't believe.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just make it an option.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't see a point to automatically do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: They always do that with YouTube stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're like, make it an option that we can opt into and not like, here, we're going to force it down your throat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, there's beauty filters.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's beauty filters on Snapchat.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's Instagram filters that change.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if you want to have that,
[SPEAKER_06]: AI enhanced stuff, then fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just let it be a filter.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what it is, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a filter.
[SPEAKER_06]: So let it be a filter, a choice.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some people will use it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some people use that beauty filter stuff, even though it looks fucking horrible and fake.
[SPEAKER_06]: But hey, it helps some people.
[SPEAKER_06]: Push the post button, so fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's see, other comments as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: Jason, our friendly voiceover guy here at Orange Launch Radio, says, AI is an awful sandwich right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: The producers want to push it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Too many people trust them too much, and we squeezed in the middle that know better.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not that this is at all specific to AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh yeah, this is how the world works sometimes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, and the thing with AI, you know...
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkDeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: but that vendor showed up the next day and started selling the stuff that looked suspiciously AI and obviously they had to do some investigation into it and Monday they figured out what was going on and they asked that guy to leave and he said no and that's why you now see the screens with the police in there which the police were not called to shut down AI selling AI art is not illegal
[SPEAKER_06]: Selling AI art in a place called Artist Alley is shitty, and it's a breach of contract with DragonCon, but it's not illegal.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the problem was, it was that breach of contract with DragonCon, because DragonCon has a contract that says, thou shalt not use AI art and sell it, or sell AI-generated art that you did on Midjourney or whatever.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or really, what it also really says is, thou shalt not completely misrepresent yourself in what you're presenting and all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: AI should not be sold in a place called Artist Alley.
[SPEAKER_06]: Period.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you want to buy AI prints, if you want to do that, I don't understand it, but it's your right.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you want to tattoo AI art on your buttocks, that is your right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Go forth and tattoo.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to laugh at it, and I think a lot of people will too, but you have every right.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: When you just throw something like Mid Journey or whatever in that, it's a disaster and shouldn't be sold there.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now what's interesting is just seeing a lot of conventions follow suit was the interesting thing that came out of that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, that is one very small part of what happened.
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't even see any of that, for the record.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was on the floor below when that all went down.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was actually in the vendor hall on Monday, but I never got higher than the third floor because I was running out to do something else.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: This AI thing, I think, is really going to come to a head with copyright.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really think the copyright and trademark issues and the stuff that Disney is starting to bring up and who's the other player in this?
[SPEAKER_06]: Warner Brothers?
[SPEAKER_06]: Warner Brothers.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think there's even more than that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Universal.
[SPEAKER_06]: so all these companies that are now suing that's where this is going to come to a head because I'm sorry like the fact that you can go to those vendors or vendors you can go to the sites online and type you know Shrek or whatever or Green Ogre from a movie and it just basically produces Shrek and like it's a very cut like Disney is very protective of their copyright so much so that they have lobbied to have copyright law changed in their favor hence why Mickey Mouse from Steamboat Willie is
[SPEAKER_06]: and only Steamboat Willie went public domain a couple years ago and maybe a couple other cartoons since then.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why that got extended forever and ever.
[SPEAKER_06]: Disney and all these other companies too have that weight.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're gonna get this AI shit changed.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the reality of the situation.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just, you know, the legal system is slow as fuck.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's gonna take a while to play out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Rinmari in chat says, I don't like megacores, but it feels like they are our best bet at stopping AI-generated art.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sometimes the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: And SSJ100Matt says, maybe the good thing to come out of AI slop is copyright law getting re-examined.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_06]: 100%.
[SPEAKER_02]: It will benefit.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I still believe, and maybe some of you are still going to disagree with me, and that's fine, that there are some things that AI does that isn't necessarily terrible.
[SPEAKER_06]: But when I talk about that, I am not talking about the generative AI and that type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm usually talking about the types of tools.
[SPEAKER_06]: We are not going to get to 8K arts and games.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're not going to get to more without what some would call AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because AI has been around since Pong on the Atari 2600 and before that.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's just, you gotta kind of conceptualize what do we mean when we talk about AI?
[SPEAKER_06]: And most people are talking about this generative AI slop stuff and yeah, that's gotta go.
[SPEAKER_06]: But some of this other stuff,
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: Although, this was a very slow week for video games, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_06]: Except one big, big game did come out, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_06]: So what happens when you have a slow week in games and then one big game comes out?
[SPEAKER_02]: When the game that's been hyped up forever... Yeah, so, of course, Hollow Knight Silksong released this week, and it was so popular that it crashed lots of these different storefronts.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Xbox, Switch, I know Steam had issues.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: that was kind of fun I guess but yeah it's popular yeah and um you know I think it's I don't remember how much it's sold already but I know it hit some it was getting some pretty high numbers as far as the concurrent players and stuff like that on Steam but yeah I'm sure all of that stuff's a result now it's just that initial kind of rush to get it right away yeah
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm very curious how... I've got to be honest, and I've got to open this up to chat, because I'm not super familiar with Silksong and this stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not familiar with the games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know they are Metroidvanias, I know they're pretty popular.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know they're on Game Pass, so I'm probably going to check it out.
[SPEAKER_06]: At least the second one is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm assuming the first one is on Game Pass as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkDeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: So interesting, because of maybe all of this hype, we have people that are jumping directly to the sequel.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not that that hasn't happened before.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think there's a lot of people.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I think most people started Grand Theft Auto probably on three, if not a later game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think very few people probably played the first two Grand Theft Auto games.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were very different.
[SPEAKER_06]: Dr. C in chat says, my wife picked it up ASAP.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's all her jam.
[SPEAKER_06]: Mike Def says, I've only played a bit of Hollow Knight.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have it on Switch, but it's definitely hard.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh yeah, Dr. Sia brings up Street Fighter 2, another excellent example of getting in on that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Rinmari in chat, I love this point too.
[SPEAKER_06]: I feel like my interest in Metroidvania has dwindled after Castlevania Order of Ecclesia and La Mulana remake.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a really good point about how I think there's a lot of people that are really burned out on Metroidvania.
[SPEAKER_06]: You say the same thing about roguelikes too.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think that's another one that people are getting burned out on.
[SPEAKER_06]: But Metroidvanias, I mean, and that's fair.
[SPEAKER_06]: Those are two...
[SPEAKER_06]: I love Metroid, I love Castlevania but I understand there's a lot of games out there that kind of take those formula and some of them are really incredible like I really liked Guacamelee was one that's kind of like that what was the game oh my god it's the beautiful game on Xbox they made two of them why can't I remember all of a sudden like I'm just lapsing today but you know those the really pretty art one
[SPEAKER_06]: Somebody will shout it in chat.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ori, thank you, thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ori, Ori in the Blind Forest.
[SPEAKER_06]: The Wisdom Tree or whatever the second one was called.
[SPEAKER_02]: Will Lewis or something like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Those games are great, even if I can't remember the name.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did play them at one point.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're great.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then you have some Metroidvanias that you know, they're
[SPEAKER_06]: DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to, of course, bring up, it's not classic, but Turbo Kid.
[SPEAKER_02]: Definitely check that out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, there you go.
[SPEAKER_06]: Free plug.
[SPEAKER_06]: Questbuster brings up, I tried Silksong, and I do love Metroidvanias, but it hasn't really hooked me, and that's completely fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: No hate.
[SPEAKER_06]: Absolutely happy for those enjoying it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that's okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like,
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: but okay like I can I can see the artistic merit in the game that makes it so well received trying to think of something recently that was like that for me see like I want to say Claire Obscure Expedition 33 but I actually really like that game like it's actually I'm like I'm right on board I understand the hype in that game that game's fucking incredible but you know there's other games where uh I kind of go all right if that's what you're into cool but just you know not for me
[SPEAKER_06]: a lot of shooty bang bang games the Halos, the Call of Duties of the world not for me, this is what it is
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, actually, Rinmari brought up Monster Hunter.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a great example.
[SPEAKER_06]: I cannot get into those Monster Hunter games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've tried.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've tried every single one.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've tried to get into it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just not a formula that works for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I understand why people are into it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did like the mobile one, for what it's worth, which is still going.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't play it as much as I used to, but I like the Monster Hunter mobile game, but I cannot play the console games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just can't.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that doesn't mean they're bad.
[SPEAKER_06]: That just means it's not the flavor I will be ordering at the counter.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm not going to try to get it removed from the store because I don't like it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, you know, it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, okay, since we, I think there's not a lot else to say on Silksong, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Loki, why don't we go to you?
[SPEAKER_06]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I've been just playing Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of it's been just kind of going through.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I think I put out an episode last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been like two months because I've been working on this massive project in the SMP that I'm on.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's basically this dated project.
[SPEAKER_02]: Datapack Driven,
[SPEAKER_02]: Battle Arena game that has like you know all these custom mob waves at the fight and stuff like that so I've been working on we wrapped up our no sleep game finally so we had the finalist for that and then it's been just kind of redesigning some of the stuff to kind of take it beyond that no sleep game so I've added like another 10 waves to it a lot more music a lot of other enhancements on top of it and I think today I've been like going through just uh
[SPEAKER_02]: BugTesting and Balancing for some of that before I put it up on the server for this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just go through all that stuff and that's what I've been working on solidly for like
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: One of the
[SPEAKER_02]: Hotter Garbage Hotter Garbage
[SPEAKER_02]: It's entertaining hot coverage that you can maybe play the game through.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm going to mess with that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: So stream some of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Stream some of the Slumber Dome 2.0 stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Whatever else.
[SPEAKER_02]: Figure it out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, let's see my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Honestly, since I was out of town, I didn't play a lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: I played, I'm still playing Final Fantasy XI, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: The callback is so real.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's so real.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm having so much fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I got my Red Mage up to 32, which is fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now, now I'm kind of at that point where I need to make money to buy spells.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't usually talk about how much I play the mobile games too.
[SPEAKER_06]: So like you probably go, oh my God, Rob just plays nothing but Final Fantasy XI.
[SPEAKER_06]: True, but I also play a lot of the mobile games.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm still going pretty hard on Pokemon Go.
[SPEAKER_06]: Then I loaded up on Pokeballs when I was in downtown Atlanta.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so I've been able to go on walks and just use my Bluetooth catcher to catch a ton of stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: Been working on quests.
[SPEAKER_06]: They have a big XP event going on right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm trying to push level 48 before they roll out the new levels because I don't think I'm getting all the way to 50.
[SPEAKER_06]: My god, there's way too much XP needed to get to 50, but I'll probably get to level 48.
[SPEAKER_06]: I only have about 2 million to go for that, and we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, they're rolling out up to level 80 cap in October.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if you heard about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, you're going to get to go even higher in Pokemon Go, and I don't know if they're rebalancing the levels or what, or if you're going to have to get...
[SPEAKER_06]: Just an ungodly amount of experience points to even get to level 51.
[SPEAKER_06]: But some people play that game a fucking ton, and it wouldn't surprise me.
[SPEAKER_06]: But they've added all of these new mechanics between the Dynamax raids and routes and megas.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's so much stuff that didn't exist when the game first did the 50 cap.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's going to be interesting to see how they integrate that all into the new level cap that gets raised up.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I do still play a lot of that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I play the classic GBS game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I still play Ingress a lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: I went out with some friends yesterday and did what we called Recursing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Recursing in the game is when you've hit the maximum level in Ingress.
[SPEAKER_06]: You hit level 16.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's as high as it goes.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then you hit the little button that says Recurse, and poof, you're back to level 1.
[SPEAKER_06]: And honestly, there isn't a lot of reason to do it besides status.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did they ever add anything to the notes?
[SPEAKER_06]: Actually, they did.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just within the last two weeks.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's really lame.
[SPEAKER_06]: You ready to hear it?
[SPEAKER_06]: So now you have the ability to favorite keys in your inventory.
[SPEAKER_06]: You have a star button and you can favorite keys in your inventory.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then that way you can filter...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: That feature would be 10 times better if it worked with keys that were in your lockers.
[SPEAKER_06]: If I could favorite a key in my locker and still recharge it without taking it out, that would be a god mode feature for Ingress.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I realize those of you that don't play the game have no fucking clue what I'm talking about, so I'm sorry about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But basically, let me just put...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: But they are doing another feature where basically they're bringing what Pikmin Bloom and Monster Hunter have where you can scroll the map anywhere from your point of view.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can look at the map like down the street to see like what monsters are over there in Manhunt or what flowers are blooming over there in Pikmin.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're going to bring that to Ingress because why not?
[SPEAKER_06]: You have an Intel map anyway, so you should be able to see everything in a game.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is going to be a core feature though.
[SPEAKER_06]: You have to pay for it to get that.
[SPEAKER_06]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: My friends and I did a recursion.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is my fifth time going from one to 16 and then starting over.
[SPEAKER_06]: But what we did, they had a double experience thing on Saturday.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we had a big elaborate plan that we were going to throw a giant field and use what's called a battle beacon to just keep flipping the polarity of one of the anchors so we could re-throw this field over and over and over again.
[SPEAKER_06]: And by the time, you know, it probably maybe took us three hours to farm all the keys and do what we needed to do.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then at the end of it, we were all level eight again.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you think I talk about Final Fantasy XI too much, it's because I don't talk enough about how I really nerd the fuck out over these other games that I play.
[SPEAKER_06]: But they're great for getting me outdoors and moving around and burning calories and all that shit.
[SPEAKER_06]: But honestly, when I was at DragonCon, I barely touched Ingress.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did a little Pokemon Go to keep spinning the stops at the hotel, but otherwise I kind of took a break from all that while I was at DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: DragonCon, if you don't know
[SPEAKER_06]: and what I mean is structurally you have like r slash star wars and not literally it's not literally a reddit convention but you have a room over here star wars stuff going on all the time a room over here star trek going on all the time you have a
[SPEAKER_06]: A room over here, digital media and podcasting.
[SPEAKER_06]: A room over here, video games.
[SPEAKER_06]: A room over here, War College.
[SPEAKER_06]: Those old fucking board games from the 70s with hexagons and shit that you move the pieces around.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is going on all weekend long in one of the rooms.
[SPEAKER_06]: They have esports.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is like probably four city blocks downtown are taking up in some shape or form by this convention.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's unreal in the size, but it's amazing.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's incredible.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's why I love it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: DragonCon's beginning!
[SPEAKER_06]: Welcome home!
[SPEAKER_06]: DragonCon Rave Parties
[SPEAKER_06]: to kick things off, basically.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: Honestly...
[SPEAKER_06]: There's so much going on at DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: I am honestly making plans next year to go in like on Saturday.
[SPEAKER_06]: To go in that early.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not going to stay at a hotel.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to stay with a friend.
[SPEAKER_06]: But like to get some of my social time in before DragonCon begins because DragonCon is so busy.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's so much going on at DragonCon that I don't even see.
[SPEAKER_06]: You cannot see all of DragonCon your first year.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just not going to happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's too much going on.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's like Disneyland.
[SPEAKER_06]: You have to pick the three rides you want to ride the most and everything else is a bonus.
[SPEAKER_06]: Dark to see you in chat says funny.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have an author who follows me on blue sky.
[SPEAKER_06]: He writes LGBTQ fantasy.
[SPEAKER_06]: He lives there and goes there every year.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, the literary stuff at Dragon Con is huge.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I barely touched that realm.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just it's not around my super follow.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if you are a literary fan, whether that's fantasy, whether that's young adult, whether that's actually dragon literature, which you know, the con could arguably have gotten its name from there, there, there is a place there's a track for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's my new saying.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yep, there's a track for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a track for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or there's a cult for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, and then, uh, video gaming track we worked with for a while too, which also, which was that once, once upon a time was the MMO track where they talked about World of Warcraft and EverQuest primarily.
[SPEAKER_06]: Uh, then it became the video gaming track a few years later and now it's one of the, probably one of the biggest attended tracks at con.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um,
[SPEAKER_06]: But as of last year, Bobby Blackwolf and I now volunteer with the main programming track.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we have the fortune of moderating panels with some of the large guests that they bring into DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I got to do a few this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: And let me talk about the non-gaming related ones first.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll talk about the gaming related ones.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Friday, I had a panel with the cast of the ABC television show Once Upon a Time, some of the cast members from that show.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I had a great time.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was a very lovely conversation.
[SPEAKER_06]: A question I often get is, well, how were the celebrities backstage?
[SPEAKER_06]: How was talking to them?
[SPEAKER_06]: How was getting to meet them and stuff?
[SPEAKER_06]: And my honest answer to that is, I usually meet them about 60 seconds before we go on stage.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there isn't a lot of time for interaction.
[SPEAKER_06]: There is time for the professional exchange of if you don't want to answer a question, here's the signal to give me so I know to get in there and interject.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because when you take live questions, I'm sure you all know things could have the potential of getting weird.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thankfully, they don't.
[SPEAKER_06]: They didn't during the weekend, but they have the potential.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you always have to be ready for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: Their time is very precious in making money.
[SPEAKER_06]: So yeah, it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: But for the panel itself, we had some great questions.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was fun to talk about that show.
[SPEAKER_06]: A show I was not super familiar with, interestingly enough.
[SPEAKER_06]: The way I was able to figure out what was going on on that show, I tried to reach out to some people who I'm like, I know they do a podcast on this show, but there's a lot going on.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wasn't really able to get all the info.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it turns out
[SPEAKER_06]: My boss at work likes this show.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: I used to keep this part of my life very private.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I got a cool job now.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm a cool mom at a cool job, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: So the people at my job are pretty supportive of these things I do outside of work.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so my boss is genuinely – my boss might be listening, by the way.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know who you are.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: and um she she takes an active interest in like oh what kind of panels do you get to do at DragonCon this year and so I told her that I had Once Upon a Time and she said I remember that show I watched that show and so she actually filled me in because I admittedly I had not seen the show I do my homework I do the research and I watched the pilot episode I watched another two random episodes just based on you know audience feedback and scores and stuff and I try to get familiar with the show and actually I will say now that I've watched the show I'm
[SPEAKER_06]: I actually, I want to watch more.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was really good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, it's just that right amount of cheeseball, but being interestingly, interesting enough, where I really enjoyed it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I would watch more Once Upon a Time later.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't even remember much of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I know I used to watch it when it first came out, but then it got, like, too much.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's most of the feedback I've heard, is that it just became really fucking extra the last couple seasons.
[SPEAKER_06]: But some of the guests we had were in season six.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we actually had the actress that played Jasmine and Oded Fair, who played Jafar.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it was kind of, I could tell he was like, I did three episodes of this show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why am I up here on this panel?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, not in a negative way, but I think just in a self-humorous sort of way.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, when he is probably most well-known for his role in the cinematic classic, The Mummy, that was also an Oded Fair thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, but he's up there talking about...
[SPEAKER_06]: Jafar being Jafar in three episodes um a lot of questions about the musical episode a lot of questions about the musical episode unfortunately Jasmine and Jafar weren't in that episode but it's my job as moderator what I try to do I'm I am an inclusive moderator so sometimes what I'll do is I'll you know say oh um you know Karen you weren't in the musical I know but what
[SPEAKER_06]: What song do you think would have happened if Jasmine was in the musical?
[SPEAKER_06]: which includes Emily Deschanel and David Boreanaz who of course played you know he played a very popular character Angel on Buffy the Vampire Slayer but this is a panel about Bones so we you know we did that panel this was also an interesting panel because
[SPEAKER_06]: it was going to be all fan Q&A then it was going to be an interview then it kind of landed being half and half and things change all the time you learn to roll with the punches so it was nice though that I got to like actually interview I love getting to kind of just do that and really like you know dig in and they were really good with the questions I felt felt it was fun there was a good energy in the room and I think people that were really into that show which again was a show I had to familiarize myself with but I did my did my homework I learned about it and it was
[SPEAKER_06]: It was interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I get why people were into that show.
[SPEAKER_06]: The characters were very, very unique.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think people saw themselves in a lot of those characters.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I think that is why that show was on for like 79 seasons on Fox.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was on a very long time.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we got to talk about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yeah, the cast there was really nice.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did get to shake David Boreanaz's hand.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nice guy.
[SPEAKER_06]: Emily Deschanel.
[SPEAKER_06]: She wasn't really touching people.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think she was a little bit...
[SPEAKER_06]: Con Crudiverse, which I do not blame her or fault her for at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: She would give a nice little friendly wave and hello.
[SPEAKER_06]: She complimented my shirt.
[SPEAKER_06]: Lovely, lovely gal.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loved meeting her and working with her on the panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yeah, it was great.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was a great cast.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I love when the energy of the cast is they all get along and they have fun with it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that was what I was really feeling for the Bones panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then...
[SPEAKER_06]: What else did I have that wasn't gaming related?
[SPEAKER_06]: Did everything else I had was game related?
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm thinking through in my head.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm missing something.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm completely forgetting a panel I had.
[SPEAKER_06]: Star Wars!
[SPEAKER_06]: I had a Star Wars panel on Sunday.
[SPEAKER_06]: How could I forget?
[SPEAKER_06]: It's because I had done one last year too.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, the Star Wars panel I had on Sunday was great because John Boyega was on that panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: There was a lot of people from The Mandalorian that were on that panel too.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there has been chatter.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm just going to put this to rest.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's been chatter on the internet about John Boyega kind of resents Star Wars at this point because his character was done dirty.
[SPEAKER_06]: He doesn't like doing the appearance.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know where y'all got that from because that was not my experience at DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: He ate that panel up.
[SPEAKER_06]: He was telling stories about taking Harrison Ford out to dinner and he was talking about... Yeah, I've heard.
[SPEAKER_06]: I heard about those, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: on Sunday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Honestly, like, I think back when the whole thing fell apart with Kang and, you know, the, I can't remember the actor's name now, that played Kang as well in the Marvel series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, John Boyega should have replaced him, honestly, at that time, but...
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, he's he was a delight.
[SPEAKER_06]: He was I and you know, again, I don't get to meet them for very long.
[SPEAKER_06]: Smile, shake hands.
[SPEAKER_06]: How you doing?
[SPEAKER_06]: How's it just very, like, you know, and this is Sunday, you would think by this point, they're all sick of being there really nothing like none of them.
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't get that vibe from any of them.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were all very lovely people on that panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, now let's get to gaming related stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Sunday morning, I had a panel with two of the actors from the Mortal Kombat reboot movie.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ludi, who played Liu Kang, and Max, who played Kung Lao, were on this panel with me.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was a Sunday 10am panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I realized pretty quickly, about 10 minutes to the panel, there were not going to be a lot of people in the room.
[SPEAKER_06]: And sure enough, there were maybe 15 people that showed up for that panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because it's a Sunday morning panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: And when are all the big parties, Loki?
[SPEAKER_06]: Saturday night.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: and it's 10am right when programming starts that day but you know what those two guys were fucking professionals and they gave the same quality panel they would have given to a room full of 500 people and I thought it was a great conversation again because there were less people there to ask questions the onus was kind of on me to ask questions
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I would, like, they're the types of guys you would like to just go have a drink with and talk about video games.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because I will tell you, Ludi absolutely plays video games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know about Max, but this was also his first convention of any kind.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I think Max was kind of in the overwhelmed mode, but it was very obvious that Max is very, very dedicated to the craft of martial artists and, like, emphasis on artists.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, that guy is just like an artist.
[SPEAKER_06]: He's a professional.
[SPEAKER_06]: and had a lot to just kind of talk about, like his journey in not just Hollywood, but making movies in China and, you know, other places, you know, just to bring these, you know, characters to life.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I thought it was great.
[SPEAKER_06]: Again, it's one of those, if you weren't there, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_06]: But, you know, 12 lucky fucking people got to see a really great discussion with those guys who were nothing but professional.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I really enjoyed working with them.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it was interesting because the news about the movie getting pushed back,
[SPEAKER_06]: to Summer, the sequel.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if you heard Loki, but the sequel got pushed back to Summer.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was supposed to be out in October and they pushed it back.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think they're doing it for they can make more money in the summer type of reasons.
[SPEAKER_06]: So obviously the actors have nothing to do with any of that.
[SPEAKER_06]: They didn't have a lot to say about it, but they just, you know, the typical...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: I did get to do a panel with some of the voice actors from Baldur's Gate 3.
[SPEAKER_06]: So last year we had like half the cast of Baldur's Gate 3 was there.
[SPEAKER_06]: This year we had the other half.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we had Amelia who played the narrator.
[SPEAKER_06]: We had Karlak's voice actor.
[SPEAKER_06]: We had the absolute.
[SPEAKER_06]: We have...
[SPEAKER_06]: We had a lot of great voice actors.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that was a strict Q&A panel.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there was a lot of great questions from the audience.
[SPEAKER_06]: They really know how to roll with it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And again, that's a group that you know they do conventions together all the time.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they have fun with it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And those Baldur's Gate folks are just a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: They did another panel with...
[SPEAKER_06]: Mark Muir from Mass Effect Mark Muir's at DragonCon every fucking year because he loves the culture, he loves the people and he's an awesome guy and he's the guy that plays M-Shep and Mark actually does a D&D roleplay panel with the cast and I'll tell you that panel fills up like
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I think maybe the description of the panel maybe was missing a few keywords it really needed to get noticed.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'll give that feedback to the appropriate people.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I got to sit down with Sean Copeland from Blizzard.
[SPEAKER_06]: And he is what's called the lore master.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think he has like an official title.
[SPEAKER_06]: But basically like all the lore through Warcraft, like he is that human Wikipedia.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, you know, when you start to think about it,
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: Questbuster in chat says, your WoW guest also reminds me that Star Wars also has a lore guy who is like a living holocron of everything in that universe.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, it's that for Blizzard stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was able to ask just a couple things about Diablo, because that's my jam, but he's not as involved with that as he is Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that was just fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really hope he's back next year and I get to run that panel again, because yes, I will just nerd out about video games for an hour.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, so that was fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I truly do get just as excited about those types of panels as I do the celebrity panels.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm so thankful to DragonCon for the opportunity at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I am thankful to people that show up and ask the good questions that make the panels run.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Make your plans to attend DragonCon next year.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's going to be the 40th DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not the 40th annual DragonCon, but the 40th DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a difference because the first year would be number one.
[SPEAKER_06]: So technically, even though it started in 87, next year is 40.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's going to be the 40th DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're pulling out all the stops next year for the 40th is what I hear.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the buzz.
[SPEAKER_06]: So be there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Make your plans to go to Labor Day, Atlanta.
[SPEAKER_06]: Be there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, you got to go DragonCon, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: You got to go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Probably not next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I want to go to TwitchCon again.
[SPEAKER_06]: That makes sense.
[SPEAKER_06]: I understand.
[SPEAKER_06]: TwitchCon's got a lot going on.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have to skip TwitchCon this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just heard, too, they got Trixie Mattel hosting the drag show at TwitchCon this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's going to be a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: But sadly, yeah, there's a lot of stuff going on that I really wish I was able to go.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, I just can't swing it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I get it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, well let's talk about some other things going on in gaming and the week in gaming news.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Loki, I know we have some headlines to talk about tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: Do you have a few things you want to walk us through tonight?
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, sure, we can talk about a few things.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, uh, one is Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've made some updates to the Game Boy Advance emulation, so added some enhancements to that, including, uh, now you can also, uh, basically play in 1080p now, which is nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can even, um...
[SPEAKER_02]: What else?
[SPEAKER_02]: They have controller mapping, which I think is something that they had in some of the other emulators, but now they've added it to the Switch as well, so that's kind of cool that you can do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: They also allow you to run the game in a tiny window to recreate the effect of playing it on the actual device.
[SPEAKER_06]: The actual resolution, basically, of the original.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I don't know if I'd do that on a TV.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'd just be like...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's so small.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even on a Switch, that'd be really small, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's nice that they're at least adding some more of those features to basically allow you to take advantage of the Switch 2 and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I mean, remappable buttons.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why wasn't that a thing?
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a thing for absolutely every single emulator out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just don't get it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat does point out they debuted controller mappings in the new N64 and Gabecube ones and they've been slowly backporting them to the earlier ones.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yes, it is one of those things you kind of go, why wasn't it there from the start?
[SPEAKER_06]: Right, and it's like a feature that you would think.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is happening now.
[SPEAKER_02]: would be in there, but okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, so that's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Along with that, Switch Online is also adding Forsaken 64, which is a mature title.
[SPEAKER_06]: Those were those commercials back in the day.
[SPEAKER_06]: The future is Forsaken.
[SPEAKER_06]: Those commercials, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: I remember that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I remember it on PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't remember the 64 version.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's also, yeah, so Forsaken is going to be coming, which is pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't remember that game too much.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know I played it,
[SPEAKER_02]: But I don't remember what it was.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I remember that the advertisements made no sense compared to what the game was.
[SPEAKER_06]: I remember that too.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was such the thing with video games back in the day.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I know I bring this game up at least once a month on this show.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you remember Phalanx on the Super Nintendo that had the old guy playing the banjo on the cover?
[SPEAKER_06]: It was a shmup.
[SPEAKER_06]: And like, how the fuck am I supposed to tell this is a shmup?
[SPEAKER_06]: Except that there was a little spaceship flying in the background.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's like...
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you not see the tiny spaceship?
[SPEAKER_06]: Did you not see the tiny spaceship that told you this is a shmup game?
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: but yeah that's cool so also cool with enhancements to some of these online platforms so Xbox GameCloud is coming to lower Game Pass tiers also adding some PC games as well so they're going to be adding the Xbox Cloud Gaming to Game Pass Core or Standard tiers as well and previously it was only available in the highest tier, the Ultimate tier but I guess now
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_06]: The stuff that's going to be lowest tier, these are games that stopped making Microsoft active money a long time ago But in the sense of a library, there's basically classics at this point of a sort Maybe not as old as Nintendo classics, but they're classics of a sort They're still going to add value when you're debating if you want to get a Game Pass subscription or not So I don't see how this is a bad thing for Microsoft and a win for the consumer as well, honestly
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I think it's going to be pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was also going to mention, there's a lot of news around Atari and bringing back older... I mean, that's kind of what Atari does, but bringing back old franchises, not even necessarily Atari franchises.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Atari, they've acquired... Atari has been bringing back old franchises for like 40 years.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is their whole... By the way, I have a rant.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have a rant.
[SPEAKER_06]: Did you see this on my Blue Sky?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because I post about this on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if I did.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's the deal.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you know how like when you launch Microsoft Edge, the default page is like a bunch of news headlines and there's ads broken in and stuff?
[SPEAKER_06]: One of the ads that was on there says, do you want to play classic Atari games?
[SPEAKER_06]: And it says like Missile Command, Centipede, Pong.
[SPEAKER_06]: Join the AARP now and play Atari games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like...
[SPEAKER_06]: Rude.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's funny because I posted about it on Blue Sky, and actually, I don't know if it went viral, but it went semi-viral.
[SPEAKER_06]: And of course, I get the replies from the people that are like, well, the AARP doesn't just target people that are retired because they want to get you before they're retired.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's like, I know that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Look, I know that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But then there was a reply from somebody I don't know, but a reply that perfectly encapsulated it that's like...
[SPEAKER_06]: They might sell this to people of all ages, but it's still rude.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, yes, you get it, what I was going for there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm like, don't call me old.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was that Jamie Lee Curtis from Freaky Friday.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm old.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bury that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they've acquired, was it Ubisoft's Cold Fear, I Am Alive, Child of Eden.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, right, the Child of Eden.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right, Atari did get the Child of Eden thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's wild to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and Grow Up.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, Child of Eden is the one that's most exciting, because that's very, like, res...
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, that game practically is like a Rez game, but it's not.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very excited to see something like that, but they're planning on doing something with that, I guess.
[SPEAKER_06]: Can I give you a crazy fucking Rob Stradamus idea?
[SPEAKER_06]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if this one will come true, but I think there is a very... Like, where all the pieces are falling, with Atari grabbing this, this is where I think it might be headed.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe we're going to get some sort of digital eclipse museum collection for Rez and Child of Eden.
[SPEAKER_06]: I would love think about think about how fucking transformative those games were and think about how they will release they will re-release Rez for any reason and think about how transformative those games were and how special they were you know with you know everybody knows about the trans vibrator and stuff with the Dreamcast and all this and you know there's probably so much to say about these games and the music and the soundtrack and putting that all together what if
[SPEAKER_06]: Digital Eclipse is putting together some type of Mizuguchi Rez collection.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, that would be really cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: Honestly, if that's why Atari got the rights, screaming, crying, throwing up with joy.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's going to be an incredible thing if it happens.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Rez is 1999, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: No, I guess that came out later.
[SPEAKER_06]: It would have been like 2001.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that game is still well over 20 years old at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a classic.
[SPEAKER_06]: It can be in one of these museum things.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, Child of Eden was at 2011.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, but it's... Why not, you know, if there was going to be a... I think there's a lot of people that have been asking, whatever happened to Child of Eden?
[SPEAKER_06]: Why can't we revisit Child of Eden?
[SPEAKER_06]: And if it is not literally that, like them going to bring back Child of Eden, I think there's a real possibility we're going to get some sort of definitive collection of these Mizuguchi shooter games, including Area Zero, and maybe some more stuff conceptually what Res VR would have been.
[SPEAKER_06]: you know excuse me what that would have been because you know a fuller game and VR and all this stuff so you can put that on my prediction board because I just I can't shake it like Atari getting that game it just that's the only way the pieces add up to me but maybe it's wishful thinking and that's fine too
[SPEAKER_02]: and then um along with that also Atari uh could be responsible for another game coming back as well um so there's also the uh where to go here uh the rights for uh was it Natsumi Atari has filed trademark for Shatterhand in Japan so Shatterhand was an old 2D action game from the NES and
[SPEAKER_02]: and it sounds like them registering that maybe a sequel is in the works or a remake or a re-release or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That could be cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: What else?
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: We could talk about how they're going to be remaking Puzzle Quest.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was awesome.
[SPEAKER_06]: I kind of miss Puzzle Quest.
[SPEAKER_06]: Puzzle Quest was fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't want to say it went off the rails, but I think it fell down that hole of mobile gaming, microtransaction-y, kind of crappy crap.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the original two on Xbox Arcade were great.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they're doing a remake of that, or remaster, I should say, called the Immortal Edition, and it's going to be boosting, obviously, the HD.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's also supposed to have...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not sure what other platforms is coming out on as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Other than you have the visuals, it looks like pretty much all the platforms and Steam, good old games, Epic Games, all the consoles.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that should be fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: And what else?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, let me see.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's September 18th, actually.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's right around the corner.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, two weeks away for that one.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is out of nowhere, kind of one of those, like, what year is it type of situations.
[SPEAKER_02]: Acclaim is hosting a Play Acclaim Showcase September 10th.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, that's that whole thing where, like, the name ended up in the bargain basement auction list and, like, somebody else bought the name and, like, so, like...
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't, I don't, if I'm following this right and chat, you can course correct me if I'm wrong.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if I remember everything that went down with Acclaim, this is not anything to do with Acclaim in the 1980s.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is, here's what we're going to do with the new name.
[SPEAKER_02]: well it is how it still has to do with games and because they were shown off the old games that they had i just don't know what they're doing with that necessarily it's not going to be anything you remember it's probably probably going to be indie titles getting a boost which is fine there's probably some good shit in there you know but um level set your level set your expectations folks fine i will set my expectations thank you very good
[SPEAKER_02]: What else?
[SPEAKER_02]: EA's not doing a college basketball game anymore.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I guess college basketball saved?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh no, that gaming series I would have never purchased in my entire life is going away.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, apparently because some schools are choosing to accept 2K sports proposal for the inclusion of NBA 2K so allowing college basketball to be in that game they said everyone at EA Sports is disappointed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, I'm sure that you guys are disappointed but considering how you've treated Madden and treated
[SPEAKER_02]: Soccer or football, EA Sports Football or whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, no.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I think everyone's better off without EA Sports Innovation.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby Blackwolf clarifies in chat they're making college basketball DLC for NBA 2K series instead of a separate game thank you sports people for translating because you know again I don't I just go when are they going to re-release NBA Jam for the fourth time well I mean so yeah I mean the problem is right now is all these exclusivity deals that they do so that your NBA games can really only be on like one studio is the problem so they make these bad deals and then
[SPEAKER_02]: now I mean sure they're profitable but like they're not good I don't know but cool I guess at least there's some basketball uh college basketball representation um unfortunately it's either me 2k or EA with those yeah um
[SPEAKER_02]: This is kind of funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, of course, you know, with the whole Stop Killing Games initiative and everything, that folks are trying to essentially make sure these online games and stuff don't get, you know, taken offline permanently.
[SPEAKER_02]: Three months after you buy the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, apparently, there are some modders who are bringing the crew back.
[SPEAKER_02]: They are working on being able to run the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Custom Servers or something like that Apparently you can run the server emulator on your own PC and giving them an offline mode
[SPEAKER_02]: Wow, look at that.
[SPEAKER_06]: These modders deserve gold star badges, medals of honor for just sticking it to Ubisoft who says it's too complicated.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's too hard to get this game offline.
[SPEAKER_06]: We wasn't designed to be offline.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just love that modders just shut that whole argument down.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shut it down.
[SPEAKER_06]: Love that for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: so, and there you go, now you can preserve the game or at least, you know, some of it and they should be able to do it scot-free because I swear to god, if Ubisoft tries to cease and desist this thing, it's gonna get uglier for them of course they would they would absolutely die I know, I know it's coming, and that's why I'm like y'all better think that one through y'all better think that one through real hard with all the online, you know petitions and stuff, and where the online favor is at yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: and then, let's see what else I've run out of stuff already well, good news I guess with the reception to the physical carts on the Switch 2 versus the what was it, the
[SPEAKER_02]: CodeCarts or whatever they're calling them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Basically, they're physical, but they're still downloaded.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Cyberpunk, it says 75% of the sales for the Switch 2 were physical, which is interesting considering that that was one of the games that didn't have the key cards.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was the actual game on the cartridge.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was another game that was talking about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't remember which one it was recently.
[SPEAKER_02]: They were saying that the reason that they didn't do...
[SPEAKER_02]: or they did it keycard is because that the game wouldn't run well off of the cartridge essentially that it couldn't stream the assets fast enough to which I ask well couldn't you just download the game off the cartridge then onto the device and still use the cartridge I mean that sounds like that would solve the problem if that's the issue but
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, interesting to see that a good majority of the sales were physical, so there is some interest at least in physical on the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think, you know, anything, we don't trust that these companies are going to keep these servers up, you know, indefinitely, and so eventually those key cards are going to stop working, and that's a problem.
[SPEAKER_02]: but hopefully this will at least send the message loud and clear that like hey people are interested in purchasing actual physical copies of things it's just when you do key cards that's not really physical is it see what else here mm-hmm
[SPEAKER_06]: I got one for you guys because I think this came up earlier in the show and Jason mentioned it in the intro.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's about Luminous Arise because I'm actually kind of pissed off about this because the demo for Luminous Arise came out.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is why I'm pissed off.
[SPEAKER_06]: It already closed September 3rd, so I never got a chance to play it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we do know when it's coming out now, so we do have a date for Luminous Rise.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's coming out for PlayStation 5, and of course this is going to be a VR title, and I'm sure it'll be cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is coming out on November 11th, also Steam and SteamVR.
[SPEAKER_06]: It will be $39.99, whether that's dollars or euros or 5,400 yen.
[SPEAKER_06]: And of course that is coming from Enhance and Monstars.
[SPEAKER_06]: There was a demo that came out, but if you're a dumb bitch like me, you missed it already.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you were kind of busy, I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sure you had a good reason for missing it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll pick it up though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Looks like Capcom is forming a new or they're having I guess there's a new studio forming of old Capcom veterans.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's Suno is the studio there.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've hired some folks that were making up, I guess, Street Fighter, the Street Fighter and Devil May Cry.
[SPEAKER_02]: DevTeams, so former director Hideki Isuno, and also, let's see who else was on here, Daigo Akino, as well as artists that designed the characters, or designed features, I guess, or character designs in Devil May Cry and the Street Fighter series, as well as the art director for Dragon's Dogma.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then we've got, let's see here,
[SPEAKER_02]: What else?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know what games they're going to be working on just yet, but it is exciting to see a lot of these old devs working together on hopefully like a new indie game or something like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, why don't I do the classic game of the week and then if you find anything else, we can do it after classic game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sound good?
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's get to it.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're going to go into the classic game of the week, but we couldn't do this segment without a bumper.
[SPEAKER_00]: and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, but DarkSakura is not here tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't believe it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that means I'm going to pick the classic game tonight and I'm going to pick a game that is similar to one I've done before but it is distinctively different.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a game called Summer Games 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right, it is the sequel, of course, to the game Summer Games, which I have featured on a previous episode of this show, but it was a very, very long time ago.
[SPEAKER_06]: Summer Games 2, of course, was released in 1985 for the Commodore 64.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was an Epyx title, E-P-Y-X, not to be confused with Epic Games, but Epyx released this game, and U.S.
[SPEAKER_06]: Gold was the publisher in Europe, and it is inspired by the Olympic Games, I guess you could say, but technically not an Olympic license.
[SPEAKER_06]: Although they use the interlude, but I think because that's based on a classical song, they can probably get away with it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So the interesting thing was, in this game, when you picked your character, you could actually say, oh, your character's from the USA, your character's from Italy, Canada, or you could say they're from the country of epics.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right, epics had their own flag in that, so...
[SPEAKER_06]: That was available as a country that you could select.
[SPEAKER_06]: In Summer Games 2, there were eight events that you could pick from.
[SPEAKER_06]: Triple Jump, High Jump, Rowing, Javelin, Equestrian, Fencing, Kayaking, and Cycling.
[SPEAKER_06]: We do get into some deeper cuts than what you might associate, like the typical type of running events, because the original Summer Games had those games in them.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: So it ended up being like the first sort of like standalone graphics pack type of thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or not standalone graphics, a DLC pack that actually merged with the original game if you had it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I thought that was like really cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: We didn't really see anything like that again in 1985 when this particular game was released.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: The original Commodore 64 version of this game was created by Scott Nelson, John Lupp, Chuck Somerville, true story, friend of mine, know him, he's a great guy, Kevin Norman, Michael Kosaka, and Larry Clegg.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm pretty sure they all worked on
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_06]: Amiga had a version as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this was popular enough that it got ported.
[SPEAKER_06]: It also actually came out on the Virtual Console for the Nintendo Wii.
[SPEAKER_06]: So if you might remember, there was a time when Commodore 64 games were available on the Nintendo Wii Virtual Console.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so Europe added these on June 27, 2008, and North America got this on March 16, 2009.
[SPEAKER_06]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, Summer Games 2, very well received.
[SPEAKER_06]: The magazine Zap64 gave it a 97%.
[SPEAKER_06]: And many people feel that this was one of the really great Commodore 64 games that came out.
[SPEAKER_06]: And as a child who played an awful lot of this game, I agree.
[SPEAKER_06]: So for those that are watching live on Twitch, you actually can see right now we are looking at the rowing event that's happening here.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: and the other player was doing and of course Commodore 64 did have a few of these games I remember Spy vs. Spy was another one that had the really cool sort of split screen view where you can see where things are going on and yeah but just really cool for its time so a game that I spent an awful lot of time on
[SPEAKER_06]: As a kid, Summer Games 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: And of course, being able to plug and play with the original Summer Games was a big part of that as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm so distracted by the fact that the two names on there are from Monkey Island.
[SPEAKER_02]: The Secret of Monkey Island, Guybrush and Stan.
[SPEAKER_06]: The YouTube account this long play comes from is also inspired by that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you know, classic games of that era.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't be too surprised, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, they're just a classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Summer Games 2!
[SPEAKER_06]: Awesome, awesome.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hey, I don't usually shout these out because we're recording a podcast live, but Clawstorm, I just saw that you rated us.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you so much for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yeah, it was good to see you at the Digital Media Mixer, but I feel like I really just saw you for 10 seconds and then didn't really get to talk more because there were a lot of people there, which is a great thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't even talk about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: for the, when I was talking about DragonCon, we did a digital media mixer on Thursday night.
[SPEAKER_06]: And last year we did this and we got maybe like 15 people in the room, but we loved it.
[SPEAKER_06]: We had fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: This year, Bobby and I sat down and went, let's reword this in the program.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's help our track director out and let's rewrite this in a way that's going to attract people to the event.
[SPEAKER_06]: The room was full, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: We had like at least 60 people in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_06]: in and out throughout the evening I met some really I met a very large YouTube affiliated person that just happened to be hanging out at DragonCon that was really cool to talk to met some up and coming folks I loved it, it was so fun so we're going to try to do that again next year if the track director will let us, which I hope he will we're going to try to make that a Thursday thing every year except next year I'm going to ask for the ballroom
[SPEAKER_06]: Although I don't think we can.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think they do a charity event in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we just might have to deal with the fact that we have the room that we have.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we filled it out this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it was good.
[SPEAKER_06]: So thanks, Class Storm, for being here and bringing your community here.
[SPEAKER_06]: Really appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_06]: We are Orange Launch Radio, a very long-running podcast, 23 years and counting, recording our show live here on Twitch television for you all to enjoy and participate with.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat says ballrooms are either not ready or are used for parties but like doesn't this kind of wouldn't a mixer especially if we added a little music and I don't know punch and pie let's add punch and pie to the mixer event now it's a party right all right I'm not gonna get into the weeds with it I'm just gonna say we need to do it again we need to do it again next year we gotta go bigger bigger all right um that's that's it for the classic game you want to go back to news Loki
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so I was going to mention, even though this was a little bit ago, this would have been like last week, but No Man's Sky, another update.
[SPEAKER_02]: They have Voyager's 6.0 update, which is absolutely massive.
[SPEAKER_02]: I gotta check that out.
[SPEAKER_06]: It sounds like, I'm not getting the sense of what's massive about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to be quite honest.
[SPEAKER_06]: It sounds like they're letting you build out what's in your ship a little more.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, basically.
[SPEAKER_06]: You could always do that with the freighter.
[SPEAKER_06]: You already had a ship you could build out.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I got to see it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I am not a No Man's Sky hater.
[SPEAKER_06]: I fucking love that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I will check this out for sure.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've just been kind of busy.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, like I was getting a hard time from reading the comments.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, isn't this kind of already in the game with the freighter customization?
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess they made it, you know, so they can do with the actual ships as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you can kind of, you know, recreate stuff or just, you know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Do things like that Bobby Blackwolf in chat says I thought it was more like actual shipbuilding like Starfield I had heard it's very similar to Starfield Yes, it is similar to Starfield Oh, the outward customization That makes a little more sense So wait, does that mean Wait, if I can customize it outward Does that mean I can build a flying dick?
[SPEAKER_06]: Does that mean that's what people are doing?
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that's already been a thing Yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: I think you can already do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: People already found the aliens.
[SPEAKER_06]: What was that thing in Spaceballs called?
[SPEAKER_06]: She's gone from suck to blow.
[SPEAKER_06]: What was that in Spaceballs?
[SPEAKER_06]: I can build one of those as my ship?
[SPEAKER_06]: The Mega Maid?
[SPEAKER_06]: The Mega Maid!
[SPEAKER_06]: That's it, the Mega Maid.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let me live my fantasy.
[SPEAKER_02]: This isn't really gaming news, but there's a new Tron Ares ad
[SPEAKER_02]: featuring like, okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tron Ares is already, like, kind of, like, you know, it's borderline, like, yeah, it's awesome, it's Tron, but Jared let out you, you know?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's kind of, like, riding that line already.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's so complicated.
[SPEAKER_06]: And look, look, look, y'all, what's that?
[SPEAKER_06]: What's that over there behind me?
[SPEAKER_06]: I know you can't see it on the podcast, so I'll tell you.
[SPEAKER_06]: There is a replica Tron machine.
[SPEAKER_06]: They don't even make these anymore.
[SPEAKER_06]: Limited time, arcade one up, replica machine in my house, and I'm conflicted on this new Tron.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really don't like Jared Leto.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really don't like him.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then the marketing team behind the Tron Ares movie is like, hey, I have an idea.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's push it more into that you cringe side.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they did an ad spot with Mr. Beast as now one of the
[SPEAKER_06]: That just seems desperate.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm not knocking on Mr. Beast.
[SPEAKER_06]: He's very popular for a reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_02]: We should knock on Mr. Beast.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: It just reeks of the boardroom going, what can we do that's going to be hip and cool with Gen Z?
[SPEAKER_06]: Who does Gen Z like?
[SPEAKER_06]: Mr. Beast!
[SPEAKER_06]: Get the Beast on the phone!
[SPEAKER_06]: It just reeks of...
[SPEAKER_06]: Somebody doesn't know what to do, so they're just throwing everything at the wall.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really feel Disney is setting this movie up to fail, and that's what pisses me off as a Tron fan.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we should get a bitchin' new Nine Inch Nails album out of it, so at least there's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I've already been listening to the first track that they released, so... I think actually the album may have come out already for that, because I was hearing some other stuff...
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh gosh, there was some other stuff that came out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I saw on YouTube, actually, that was from the album as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it probably has come out already.
[SPEAKER_06]: TigerClaw on chat says, I heard they're re-releasing Tron and Tron Legacy in 4K on Blu-ray.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they're doing a double feature of Tron Legacy and Ares, which sounds... I would do that.
[SPEAKER_06]: That would be the way I prefer to see it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm still going to go see it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love Legacy.
[SPEAKER_06]: I love Legacy.
[SPEAKER_06]: I would just go see Legacy again.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's so good.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah, Fifth Dream says I've got it pre-ordered the 19th, I think.
[SPEAKER_06]: If I could still get a pre-order for that, I'll get it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have the Clue 4K Blu-ray coming that is also coming out around that same time in October, funny enough, because that movie just turned 40.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I have that coming, but I will add Tron and Tron Legacy to it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_06]: The original Tron...
[SPEAKER_06]: look so strange in 4k now like but not in a bad way like it's just like those old computer graphics the way they've been up up dude for 4k blu-ray and stuff is just it's so interesting anyway yeah all right shall we travel around the world and check out some release dates we can yeah let's do it let's start in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_06]: what's coming out Logie
[SPEAKER_02]: So in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_02]: we have Backyard Football 99 on PC, iOS, and Android.
[SPEAKER_02]: Once again, Matt Megacatsudos doesn't know what year it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bubsy and Perfect Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe it is 1999 now that we have a Bubsy game coming out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Call of the Sea on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have Dragon Ball Gekishin Squadra on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, iOS, and Android.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know you guys, you may have gotten the new Mario Kart earlier this year, but you're not ready for Garfield Kart 2, All You Can Drift.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right, PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why would they not work a lasagna pun into it somehow?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, you're not trying, Garfield people.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're not trying.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like All You Can Eat, but now it's All You Can Drift.
[SPEAKER_02]: Eh, they tried.
[SPEAKER_02]: All You Can Eat.
[SPEAKER_02]: A little bit.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Karma the Dark World on Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: We've got Borderlands 4 on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will have to check that out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Marvel Rivals coming to PlayStation 4 NHL 26 on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series and Roman Sans RE Build on I guess it's Rebuild, probably a remaster I'm guessing.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, that's it out of the US.
[SPEAKER_02]: And
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you want to do the Asian dates?
[SPEAKER_06]: Sure, let's go to Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's check out what's going on there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not a lot on the Nintendo Switch 2 this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's actually nothing coming out on the Nintendo Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: A little bit more going on on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_06]: We have Firefighting Simulator Ignite comes out on September 9th.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is coming out in Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then we have Paper Ghost Stories Third Eye Open is coming out in Japan on September the 11th, which happens to be Loki's birthday, by the way.
[SPEAKER_06]: So happy early birthday, Loki, because I just realized
[SPEAKER_06]: That's in the next week.
[SPEAKER_06]: 45.
[SPEAKER_06]: You, you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, you're still a baby.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's why you're taking time off work, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_06]: You celebrate your birthday by not working.
[SPEAKER_06]: Any excuse not to go to work.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good for you.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: And stories from Seoul, the gundog.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm into that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I want to hear the Gundog story.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is also out on the PlayStation 5 in Japan this week on the 11th.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sunnyside also releases in Japan on the 11th.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Biohazard Village Z. Y'all know that that's Resident Evil over there.
[SPEAKER_06]: A Gold Edition gets a price reduction.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's basically a re-release into the Best Price series.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I'm pretty sure this is one that is just a nationwide, or excuse me, a worldwide release, including Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: Borderlands 4 is out on September the 12th.
[SPEAKER_06]: and I'm pretty sure that's the case everywhere but Japan is no different on the PlayStation 5 although I thought wasn't that game getting a Switch 2 version?
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, maybe at a later date, I'm guessing.
[SPEAKER_06]: For some reason, yeah, for some reason that's not hitting, at least in Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe it's, you know, something.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not, it's also not here either.
[SPEAKER_02]: It wasn't in the US.
[SPEAKER_02]: So maybe at a later date.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought it was getting a Switch 2 version at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, maybe it's a later date.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just one of those, like, they gotta shove it onto the cartridge and, you know, all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see, Borderlands 2, Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that's it for Japanese releases.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I was just trying to see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wow, that's super helpful, Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see what date they listed as.
[SPEAKER_02]: They say October 3rd for Borderlands 2, or 4 for the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: So a little bit later, about a month later.
[SPEAKER_02]: In the UK, we've got Axis Football on, or Axis Football 2026 on PC, Xbox, PlayStation, and Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Feyland on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: P1 Anchor Light on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Firefighting Simulator Ignite on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, and PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 Legacy of the Forge DLC on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, and PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Garfield Kart 2 All You Can Drift on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, and PC Mindset Go on iOS and Android Operation Octo on PC Eat the Rich on PC Catanaut on PC Machik 2 on PC Starbirds on PC Of Lies and Rain on PC and MetaQuest
[SPEAKER_02]: Shapes of Dreams on PC, Baki Hanma Blood Arena on PC, PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch Borderlands 4 on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, and PC NHL 26 on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, and PC
[SPEAKER_02]: Captured on PlayStation 5, Cole LLC on PC, Sips and Sonnets on PC, The Devil is in the Details on PlayStation 5 Xbox Series, Netherworld on PC and Switch, Roman Sans Rebuild on PC and Switch, and Gloomy Eyes on PC, PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_02]: I imagine we'll get a direct at some point.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, there's more dippy direct rumors out there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently they're really convinced a direct is going to happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's going to talk more about Final Fantasy 7 related stuff on the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not going to hold my breath.
[SPEAKER_06]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: Listener Roundtable time.
[SPEAKER_06]: We want to open it up to you guys.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you guys have questions for us in chat, we can also take a call.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you want to join the green room on our Discord server, vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm actually scrolling way up in chat to grab this one that SGO100Matt sent to us asking if we had seen the Tron Ares popcorn bucket.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was not aware that there was a popcorn bucket coming because apparently it lights up.
[SPEAKER_06]: Popcorn Bucket
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I didn't see that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a Tron Ares arcade cabinet.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's still a Tron cabinet.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's got the Tron joystick on it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, fuck me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have to get that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's at Regal Theaters.
[SPEAKER_06]: God damn it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Goddammit.
[SPEAKER_02]: The same thing that sucks about those is, like, they're, like, $80 for those stupid, like, buckets.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are you serious?
[SPEAKER_02]: They want $80?
[SPEAKER_02]: Sometimes, like, yeah, like, what was it, the Minecraft one, the pickaxe, was, like, at least $60 to $80.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was, like, I was, like...
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: the um the the replica machine is all Tron Ares branded in red and shit and if the movie if if that movie is crap then I'm not gonna buy it because I don't want to sell I will remember Tron the way I remember it with the original and legacy I don't need this new one so but I'm I'm gonna give it a fair shot I'm trying very hard not to be biased on my way in the door
[SPEAKER_06]: They're already saying that movie's going to flop.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm like... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: It sounds interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't like Jared Leto, but, like, Gillian Anderson's in it, and there's, like, other people that are in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, like, you know, he'll offset.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's kind of, you know, he's kind of bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, like...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm hopeful that it'll be good, but like... Yeah, I'm trying, I'm trying.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're right, Gillian Anderson's in it, and I'll do anything for her.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if that means suffer through Jared Leto, then suffer I shall.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe, you never know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, sometimes actors, they had a few bad roles, and then they just pick it up, and they like, really...
[SPEAKER_02]: Do well again, you know, maybe that'll happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe I'm just sucking down the copium.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's just, you know, it could.
[SPEAKER_02]: He can't make bad movies forever.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, you know, I mean, eventually he's got to make something decent.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, so it's possible.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: God, MrBeast better not be in that movie I don't think he is, that's a marketing thing I know it's a marketing thing, but we'll riot if that happens S2100Matt, oh, S2100Matt giving us all the stories tonight No, I love it, I love when we get the participation Asking us about the Tamagotchi-style Pokemon that are on the way out Did you hear about this, Loki?
[SPEAKER_06]: So Takara Tomy and the Pokemon Company, they are pairing up to release Pokemon toys and products.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that includes the Pokemon Pokenade Monster Ball.
[SPEAKER_06]: $50 coming out in Japan on October 11th.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's similar to Kamigachi.
[SPEAKER_06]: You take care of a Pokemon with the Monster Ball.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can pet the device in order to get different reactions from the Pokemon inside.
[SPEAKER_06]: Pikachu, Eevee,
[SPEAKER_06]: Sprigatito, Fuecoco, Quaxly, Lucario, Sylveon.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I wonder if it's just like Gen 1 and those.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh no, it says all nine regions.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, if I just would fucking read what's coming up, I would get it all.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's a mix of the different regions.
[SPEAKER_06]: It looks cute, but $50?
[SPEAKER_06]: $50?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, according to the other story that was linked in chat there regarding those Tron Ares things, they estimate that the cost would be the $40 to $60 for the... For the machine?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, for like any of the buckets.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I can see that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it's about what it, like I said, it's what those end up ranging.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're a lot higher than you would think that they should be because they're like, oh, it's a collector's item.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's like, if I put popcorn in it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, no, if I buy one, I'm going to say, can you just give me the, I just want the bucket.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't want popcorn in it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I know, I know I would not be the first person to ask for it that way.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, there are plenty of people who get the popcorn buckets because they are collectibles.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, if you don't have any other stories, I think we've hit the end of the show.
[SPEAKER_06]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're done.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we'll be back next week, of course, to talk about the latest and greatest in games.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura will be back with us next week, and we'll talk all about the latest and greatest going on in games and more.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe we'll get some new news next week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe there will be a direct to really rocket launch the news this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, PodCulture, who reminded me that before our next show...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura's doing a little subathon to help her raise money for her TwitchCon expenses that is coming up on the 13th and she would appreciate a follow a like, a bit a sub, and all of those it is September, so subs are even cheaper so check that out as well and I think that's all I have to say except for asking Loki first final thought tonight, Loki, your final thought
[SPEAKER_02]: My final thought is, hopefully I'll post a stream schedule or something this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have to figure out what I'm doing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because even though I'm taking time off, kids are still in school and the coordinator and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'll try to post something, let you know what's going on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a good idea.
[SPEAKER_06]: And my final thought is I'm being asked to play Final Fantasy XI on two different servers.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is getting out of control.
[SPEAKER_06]: I need to play other video games.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll do that.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're going to work on other games this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: but until then only what 364 days until the next DragonCon and I'm looking forward to it no it's probably less than that maybe 360 at this point so looking forward to it thank you all for being here tonight and listening to the show we'll be back in seven days to do it all again until then have a great night everybody bye you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios
[SPEAKER_01]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_01]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_01]: See you next week.